Q1. What are primitive data types in java?
Ans: Primitive data types are-> byte, short, int, long, float, double, boolean, char.

Q2. What are the identifiers in java?
Ans: Identifier is a name given to a variable, method, class, package,etc. to uniquely identify these element in the source code. Identifier can not be reserved words.

Q3. What is final class in java?
Ans: 'final' is a keyword and using this if a class is declared, is called final class and it can not be inherited (extends) by another class.

Q4. What are the two ways to make a class final?
Ans: First way to create a final class is, Using 'final' keyword a class can be declared as final.
     Second way to create a final class is, By declaring all constructor as private of a class, if constructor of a class is private then it can not be inherited by another class.

Q5. Can we create an instance of final class in another class?
Ans: Yes, We can create an instance of final class but without inheriting.

Q6. What is volatile keyword used for?
Ans: 'volatile' keyword is used to indicate that a variable value may be modified by multiple threads concurrently. 

Q7. What is the use of Transient keyword?
Ans: 'transient' keyword is used to indicate that a field should not be serialized. it is typically used for fields that holds sensitive information, temporary data that is not relevant to 
     persist across serialization and deserialization.

Q8. What are the types of casting?
Ans: There are two types of casting-
	1. Primitive type casting.
		a> Implicit type casting: Implicit casting or automatic type conversion, occurs when you assign a value of a smaller data type to a variable of a larger data type.
	 			          Java automatically performs widening conversion if the destination data type can represent, without losing information.
		
		b>Explicit type casting:  Explicit casting, occurs when you assign a value of a larger data type to a variable of a smaller data type.
					  In java it has to be done manually because it may result in loss of precision or information.

	2. Non-primitive type cating: Holding 'child class object' with the help of parent class reference is known as 'Non-primitive' type casting.

Q9. What is boxing and unboxing?
Ans: Boxing: Wrapping primitive data type content to respective wrapper class is known as "Boxing". 
     Unboxing: Unwrapping the wrapper class object into respective primitive type is known as "Unboxing".

Q10. What is the difference between keywords, idendifiers and literals in java?
Ans: Keywords: Keywords are the reserve words that have pre-defined meaning in java programming and it can not be used as idenfiers.

     Identifier: Identifier is given name to the class, package, method, variable etc. 
    
     Literals: Literals is a value given to variable or identifiers.
	 For example: String s="Hello", hello is a string literals.
		      int value=1;, where 'int' is a keywords (datatype), 'value' is a identifier and '1' is int literals.
